we have two types of users 
1 people hiring for jobs (HR admins) and second is people looking for jobs (candidates)

index.html - login page hai it ask who are you (candidate or hr),also ask for email and password


candidate-form.html (The Application Room)
If the user logs in as a Candidate, they go here.



script.js (The Security Guard & Traffic Cop):
It checks if the email is real (Validation).
It checks if the password is long enough.
It decides where to send the user: "If you are Candidate, go to Room A. If you are HR, go to Room B."


application form and amdi n dashboard ke bich mein link hoga ek shared notebook called local storage 



Candidate Page writes: "New Candidate: Sarah, Email: sarah@test.com" on the Whiteboard.
Admin Page walks over, looks at the Whiteboard, reads the data, and displays it on the table.

Normally: User → Database → Admin.
Right now: User → Browser Storage (LocalStorage) → Admin.

---------------------------------------------------

windows.location.href ki wjh se application form se page apne aap login page yaani index.html mein shift ho jata hai

candidates {"id":1779685489678,"name":"tarun Singh gautam",...}

candidates: This is the Key (the label on the folder). This is exactly what we named it in the code.
{...}: This is the Value (the papers inside the folder). This is the data you typed in the form!


so in local storage we see data which we have filled in form so now in admin dashboard we should see the data we have filled and how??😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬


read the data from local storage 
Create a new row in the table using the real data (Tarun Singh Gautam).
Display it.



jab appplicattion form mein data submit kara toh woh local storage mein gaya 


PHASE 3 — JSON Server APIs😭😭😭😭❤️❤️❤️❤️

You (The Browser): You sit at the table. You cannot go into the kitchen.
The Kitchen (The Server/Database): Where the food (Data) is kept.
The Waiter (The API): You give your order to the waiter. The waiter goes to the kitchen, gets the food, and brings it back to you.




SERVER/API - good for connecting many users 
also real time sync possible ,also permanent untill deleted from db


